Tala: Perform developer checklist, app-level code review (#1)
splunk-soar-connectors/tala: release_notes/unreleased.md

**Unreleased**

> * Releasing as open-source Community app [PAPP-21787]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Releasing as a community-supported app [PAPP-21787]
```

Author: Updated.
